All right so now that we have created a class and we found out that it is there it's already defined.
We need to start adding some functionality to it.
All right.
So let's go ahead Oprah co-editor.
So first thing that we got to do and we got to do a save on that blank that beach actually not.
No no no.
Hola.
Not blank that BHP.
Let's do a save as on let's continue from where we were.
Class car.
Class on this corner car.
Let's do a Save As and call it class car to right because we want to build on this.
I want to keep using this class to show you the woods ampoules just right there.
Or put it in a browser because we're going to get the same thing we got last time about the class.
We enjoyed this.
So we're going to come in that out.
And then we're going to we're going to create a method right here the way we create methods the same
way we create function as a matter of fact they are functions we're just calling methods when they are
inside the class when they are outside the class we call them functions but we create in the same way
so function.
Let's create a mentor called greeting and if I trip in and call it function please don't take don't
don't worry about it right.
They are functions.
We're just getting referred to them differently so I'm going to try to refer to them as methods or that
way.
All right.
So anyways so.
As a matter of fact it's called something else let's call this move wheels.
Let's just make believe that we are creating a game and we have this car here right that we are creating
this cartoon car and we want the wheels to make way to move.
So let's make believe that I'm actually setting some properties for the big circle to move around or
something like that.
And I'm going to say like wheel wheels more in reality you say on delay you need to give specifics and
numbers and calculations on how the wheel can go around.
How many times is going to go around if it's going to stop in many different things.
But before you do that you will always have to set the properties so that we are right.
You have to said how big the wheel is if he's black if he's white.
This is how you create things.
Things are not as easy as people think.
You have to create for properties right.
Like we talked about that example we can create a steering wheel or create the hood engine all that
great stuff about our car right.
Visually that people see.
And then we create the functions that will make that happen.
Right that would make that move.
So in this example this is going to be a rough example I'm just saying wheels more fauré and just make
believe that we have a whole bunch of functions here that are going to make this more.
And you see I call the functions who are supposed to call the method.
But anyway Matt That's right.
So anyways.
All right so we have this method created here.
Now we need to find out how.
If it does if it is here if it's already defined if it's working right right.
Well we have this thing here coming up because we are checking for class.
We already know that our class is working just fine that it does exist.
Let's see if the method there is it's ok meant.
If it does exist let's pass in and class which is a car and we need to pass it another parameter which
is a method.
So inside this this works like an array basically we're trying to find out if car is inside the car
ops class.
If this method exits are we going to grab the name of that.
We're going to put it right here and we're going to say that method the method
exists.
No it does not.
All right.
I think that's OK.
There we go.
So you can see here a change.
So we found out that the method doesn't exist.
And and then we can keep going we are now.
You will do this when you have a whole bunch of different methods in the class and you just want it
sure you want to make sure you have thousands of lines and you want to come here.
Said Did I make this method did it.
Let me just look for it and you would do something like that.
All right.
And when you have many different classes you can also do the class exists function there to find that
out.
Those are building functions that we use from that BHB the creator of FEMA for us so we can use them.
Imagine making this your own you have to go there and make a whole bunch of lines of code trying to
find it to say to scan all the folders or the older office functions to find if this method exists.
I mean you have to scan a whole bunch of different things and that's why this method on the squid's
is function is doing scanning a bunch of code trying to find out if this is this first is probably checking
on this directory here and this file right here.
And then if he doesn't find it here we'll move on to other.
But well this will work right here because this is where we are defining it right this is where we are
using it.
So we are looking for it looking for it right here on this file.
But anyway I don't want to confuse you I think.
I think we went out of time we were out of time on this one on the law.
The next one we are going to be learning how to start using this functionality how to instantiate the
class.
Right.
And I will be speaking about that in the next video.
But anyway thank you so much for listening and learning and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take your